A very useful element in the email is onward lists and order list.
Now how do we create on our lists and order lists in the HMO.
Well first of all we would need again the element and the natural element named 40 on our list would
be you well.
And sure enough right.
Now I have my own short list.
Or if I would want to have some kind of items within the honour list I would need to use the airline
element.
So the syntax will be for on our list.
We would have the honor list element and then each and every element within this on our list will gonna
have the airline element.
And here we can write whatever you like.
So let's say we'll just gonna have some kind of name and I have right now on the list item with this
Bolton point shown as the list item.
Now if I would like to copy and paste them so let's say I'm going to create more.
Second one is gonna be Peter.
Third one is gonna be Sarah.
I'm gonna have these three list items displayed as on order list.
Now the question would be well where are we gonna use the list.
Well the biggest one where we always use the unknown list would be for navigation.
So for now so we only have the about page but imagine that we're gonna have multiple pages.
We can just place our links here.
So either we can create a new one or I can just delete these guys and say Let's delete Peter.
Let's also delete Sarah and within the list item within the list instead of placing some kind of text
we can place a link.
No again I'm gonna use just an empty link more damning Alec and let's write him home then let's grab
this link and let's just copy and paste it within the next two list items and let's just write over
here about as well as I had no contact would be our third one since we do have the about maybe we can
also write about but I'm not going to navigate there again we already covered this with the links now
the more we save this notice we have our navigation.
Now obviously keep in mind we haven't had any kind of sea assessed yet.
This is where the magic happens when we go to the sea assess and start styling but in general this would
be our navigation where if I'm gonna click on it now obviously I'm going to go to the about page as
well as I have the other links displayed as list items within my on order list.